>Human Capital Management As Walmart grows, the way we attract, develop and reward talent – and design how work gets done – evolves alongside our business. Our business is focused on serving people and this is delivered by our approximately 2.1 million associates around the world with approximately 1.6 million associates in the U.S. and approximately 0.5 million associates internationally. In the U.S., approximately 92% of our associates are hourly and approximately 68% of our associates are full-time. Our workforce strategy reflects our commitment to creating a future-ready workforce, supporting associate growth, and fostering a culture where associates can thrive. Workforce Strategy and Enablement. Our workforce strategy focuses on aligning our organizational structure, talent capabilities and technology investments with the evolving needs of the business, including development of a digitally skilled, AI-enabled workforce. This includes preparing associates for new roles, technologies and ways of working, as well as deploying digital tools that support associate effectiveness, engagement and performance. As part of this effort, we are making everyday work simpler and more meaningful by reshaping roles to emphasize uniquely human strengths such as creativity and leadership and identifying areas where AI can automate repetitive tasks. We are committed to maintaining fair and competitive workforce practices as we evolve how work gets done. We regularly review our workforce practices to support consistency, accountability and long-term sustainability, and we maintain a performance-based culture where associates are rewarded based on meaningful factors such as qualifications, experience, performance and the work they do. 10 Associate Growth and Development. Investment in associate growth and development supports skill-building, leadership development and overall business performance. Development programs are designed to meet both individual and business needs, offering multiple career pathways and learning opportunities across roles, levels and geographies. Our development approach focuses on building leadership, technical and professional capabilities and equipping associates with the skills required for a changing environment. This includes company‑wide AI learning pathways and certifications designed to meet associates where they are. Internal career mobility is an important component of our talent model. Approximately 75% of U.S. salaried store, club and supply chain management associates began their careers in hourly positions, reflecting long‑term advancement opportunities within the Company. Development is further supported through targeted programs such as Walmart Academy, which provides training in retail skills, leadership and well‑being, along with Live Better U, which offers eligible associates access to high school diplomas, certificates, skills credentials and college degrees that are aligned to business needs and in-demand roles. By investing in development, career mobility and skills, we strengthen our associate value proposition and support a workforce capable of adapting as our business evolves. Associate Experience and Engagement. Our efforts focus on supporting associate well-being, listening and a culture of belonging. We prioritize the financial, physical and mental well-being of our associates by offering competitive wages and a broad range of benefits designed to meet the diverse needs of our global workforce and their eligible dependents. In the U.S., these benefits include a 401(k) match, Associate Stock Purchase Plan match, associate discounts, predictable scheduling practices, paid time off, life insurance, medical coverage (for most plans, this includes no-cost virtual care and no-cost centers of excellence program for certain complex conditions), behavioral health services, family building benefits, maternity leave and paid parental leave for full-time associates. We focus on creating a workplace where associates feel seen, supported and connected, and where they can perform at their best. Associate perspectives help shape the workplace through listening channels such as in-person dialogue, leadership visits and listening sessions, associate engagement surveys, pulse surveys and always-on confidential reporting mechanisms, including Open Door and ethics processes. Walmart's culture is grounded in our core value of "Respect the Individual," and we believe in fostering a culture where everyone belongs—for associates and for driving business success. When associates feel valued for who they are, engagement deepens and associates are empowered to better serve our customers and members while delivering innovative solutions for our business. As part of our commitment to accountability and transparency, we publish workforce representation data and provide recurring updates to senior leadership, including our President and CEO, and to members of our Board of Directors. Additional information about our associates and our investments in them can be found on our corporate website, which are not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or incorporated by reference into any of our other filings with the SEC . Certain information relating to retirement-related benefits we provide to our associates is included in Note 10 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. Our Website and Availability of SEC Reports and Other Information Our corporate website is located at www.stock.walmart.com. We file with, or furnish to, the SEC Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, amendments to those reports, proxy statements and annual reports to shareholders, and, from time to time, other documents. The reports and other documents filed with, or furnished to, the SEC are available to investors on or through our corporate website free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file them with or furnish them to the SEC. The SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers, such as the Company, that file electronically with the SEC. The address of that website is www.sec.gov. Our SEC filings, our Reporting Protocols for Senior Financial Officers and our Code of Conduct can be found on our website at www.stock.walmart.com. These documents are available in print to any shareholder who requests a copy by writing or calling our Investor Relations Department, which is located at our principal offices. A description of any substantive amendment or waiver of Walmart's Reporting Protocols for Senior Financial Officers or our Code of Conduct for our chief executive officer, our chief financial officer and our controller, who is our principal accounting officer, will be disclosed on our website at www.stock.walmart.com under the Corporate Governance section. Any such description will be located on our website for a period of 12 months following the amendment or waiver. 11 Information About Our Executive Officers The following chart names the executive officers of the Company as of the date of the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K with the SEC, each of whom is elected by, and serves at the pleasure of, the Board of Directors. The business experience shown for each officer has been his or her principal occupation for at least the past five years, unless otherwise noted. Name Business Experience Current Position Held Since Age Daniel J. Bartlett Executive Vice President, Corporate Affairs, effective June 2013. From November 2007 to June 2013, he served as Chief Executive Officer and President of U.S. Operations at Hill & Knowlton, Inc., a public relations company. 2013 54 Seth Dallaire Executive Vice President and Chief Growth Officer, effective February 2026. From October 2024 to February 2026, he served as Executive Vice President and Chief Growth Officer, Walmart U.S. From November 2021 to October 2024, he served as Executive Vice President and Chief Revenue Officer, Walmart U.S. From November 2019 to November 2021 he served as Chief Revenue Officer at Instacart. 2026 55 Daniel Danker Executive Vice President, AI Acceleration, Product and Design, effective August 2025. From March 2021 to August 2025, he worked at Instacart in various roles, including most recently, Chief Product Officer and Head of Online Grocery. From July 2018 to March 2021, he worked at Uber in various roles, including most recently Head of Product, Uber Eats. 2025 45 John Furner President and Chief Executive Officer, effective February 2026. From November 2019 to February 2026, he served as Executive Vice President, President and Chief Executive Officer, Walmart U.S. 2026 51 David Guggina Executive Vice President, President and Chief Executive Officer, Walmart U.S., effective February 2026. From January 2025 to February 2026, he served as Executive Vice President and Chief eCommerce Officer, Walmart U.S. From November 2022 to January 2025, he served as Executive Vice President, Supply Chain, Walmart U.S. From April 2021 to November 2022, he served as Senior Vice President, Innovation and Automation, Walmart U.S. From December 2019 to April 2021, he served as Senior Vice President, Product and Engineering, Walmart U.S. 2026 40 Suresh Kumar Executive Vice President, Global Chief Technology Officer and Chief Development Officer, effective July 2019. From February 2018 until June 2019, Mr. Kumar was Vice President and General Manager at Google LLC. 2019 61 Dwayne Milum Senior Vice President and Controller, effective February 2026. From April 2022 to February 2026, he served as Senior Vice President and Chief Audit Executive. From October 2016 to April 2022, he served as Vice President and Controller for Walmart International. 2026 50 Donna Morris Executive Vice President, Global People, and Chief People Officer, effective February 2020. From April 2002 to January 2020, she worked at Adobe Inc. in various roles, including most recently, Chief Human Resources Officer and Executive Vice President, Employee Experience. 2020 58 Christopher Nicholas Executive Vice President, President and Chief Executive Officer, Walmart International, effective February 2026. From September 2023 to February 2026 he served as Executive Vice President, President and Chief Executive Officer, Sam's Club U.S. From October 2021 to September 2023, he served as Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, Walmart U.S. From February 2021 to October 2021, he served as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Walmart U.S. From January 2020 to February 2021, he served as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Walmart International. 2026 49 John David Rainey Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, effective June 2022. From September 2015 to June 2022, he served as Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Global Customer Operations for PayPal Holdings, Inc. 2022 55 Latriece Watkins Executive Vice President, President and Chief Executive Officer, Sam's Club U.S., effective February 2026. From May 2023 to February 2026, she served as Executive Vice President and Chief Merchandising Officer, Walmart U.S. From December 2020 to May 2023, she served as Executive Vice President, Consumables, Walmart U.S. 2026 51 12